fix(ui links): expose full path to UI (#13987)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-one/ui-data/service-maps/introduction-service-maps.mdx

<img
  title="Omnimap-powered service maps experience"

>   al[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) >eenshot shows a UI separated by white lines into three tiers. They are ordered vertically with UX as the top tier, Service as the second tier, and Infrastructure as the third tier."

Author: ```suggestion
alt="A screenshot of the omnimap-powered maps experience. The screenshot shows a UI separated by white lines into three tiers. They are ordered vertically with UX as the top tier, Service as the second tier, and Infrastructure as the third tier."
```
